Welcome back.
Were you able to figure it out.
I just googled around for some free dot ICL icons and I really really like this lightning bolt one.
So I've just downloaded it as an ICAO and now it's in my folder over here as Bolt dot ICAO.
Now how were you able to solve this if your first instinct was to google for it.
Well good job.
That's what you want to do as a developer.
You see over here that well flask has documentation on how we can use it.
Now there's two ways to do it.
We have this link way and a way that works with older browsers as well.
Now this syntax might not be obvious to you but let's use this method and then I'm going to show you
what it actually does.
So let's just copy paste.
So we go into our index today Schimmel and in our link tag I'm going to add this.
So let's make this a little bit bigger so we can see and maybe a little smaller so that everything is
in here and we see here that we have this syntax that we haven't seen before.
That's actually going to be used with flask that we're going to talk about but we see here that it's
going to be for the static folder and the file name is going to be Saba Khan dot ICAO but minus called
the bolt dot ICAO.
So let's just call it bolt dot ICL.
That's the following.
And it should be in the aesthetic folder.
So I'm going to move this
into this static folder just like that now if I just.
Here I can actually comment this out hit save and see what happens if I go back to my Web site and I
refresh Hey look at that.
Do you see how I have a little bolt here.
You see that the bolt dot ICL is now on my Web site.
How cool is that.
And I didn't really do anything crazy.
I didn't even have to have an endpoint which is really really cool.
Again flask because a father icon is something so common just makes it super easy for us so we don't
have to clutter our code with a father con end point so I can just remove this but you know what.
I'm not a big fan of doing things without understanding them.
And right now what we just did here seems really really strange.
Whereas this you are all for thing coming from what's with this double squiggly lines in the next video
we're going to find out what all of this means.